* Suggested format and indicative content for a Short Report
  - (Suggested maximum length 10 pages) – No references applicable here, but pages numbered.

** Cover Page (Word templates)

** Table of Contents (Automatic using styles –at the end once headings finalised)

   Introduction
   Introduce CTS: brief overview of background and what they do
   Computer Training Solutions (CTS) is a small New Zealand owned IT company that provides products as computer and peripherals, and services as computer upgrades and repair. Now in its fifth year of operation, CTS has built a loyal customer base and is going through a growth phase. However, the increasing demand has become a major challenge for the small team of four, who has been held down by structural and organizational issues.
   Aware that it has great potential, but recognizing that it is having difficulty achieving it, CTS sought my help as an IT analyst to reorganize its processes.


   CTS provide various products and services ranging from PC sales to computer upgrades and repair. They are currently challenged with a range of issues which this report will aim to address. Due to increases in the workload and the limitations of a small team, CTS need help to review their systems and processes.
   CTS have been operating for five years and are now financially viable. Reliance on certain staff to keep track of work combined with aspects of their systems which may need review, has led CTS toseek my help as an IT analyst to improve productivity and raise technical standards.
   Organisational structure
   • The organisational structure e.g. names, official roles, specialty areas 
   Organisational Functions
   • Research and Development (R & D) –who?
   • Production (products and or Services)-who?
   • Product distribution (logistics)-who?
   • Finance (Accounting, payroll, procurement, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable)-who?
   • Sales and marketing (market research, promotion, customer support)-who?
   • Human Resources & Administration (HR)-who?

   Existing IT System
   Briefly describe the components of their system (People, Procedures, Hardware, Software and Data).

   Observations (separate headings for observations about their People, Procedures, Hardware, Software and Data)
   Briefly describe your observations about their business (e.g. lack of organisation, dysfunction), key issues (problems with all of the above components of their system, e.g. existing processes, or lack of). What you think may be problems of communication between staff and between staff and customers due to the current state that CTS is in.
   Risks
   Identify likely risks (economic, technical, and legal) should CTS choose not to develop and modernise.

   Proposed benefits (from the new way of operating and the new database)
   Better communication (internal and external), regular meetings, more customer support, better marketing image etc. Increased sales. Better data integrity, rapid access to business data, support business decisions e.g. whether to invest more in new premises, new equipment, extra staff.
   Proposed Solutions

   Technological Solution
   The need for a new database system. Initially listing some functional and non-functional requirements. Write some relevant business rules, for implementation in the new database system. 
   Develop a simple data dictionary (extension of lab work) includes data element (field) name or label, alias, data type and length, default value, acceptable values, source (e.g. a user input form), security (user who has privileges to update certain values if required), responsible users (who usually enters and changes values). 
   A simple ERD showing only entities (tables) and the relationships between them. (No attributes needed for a simple ERD). The relationships come from the business rules.

   Organisational Solution
   The need for new ways of working together as team, communicating with customers, learning about agile development in the process of helping them develop their new database. Possible options for automation (e.g. making use of Outlook’s features, staff training) need mentioning. Plenty of scope for improvement.
   Basic Functional Testing
   In this section (which is marked under the database design section) you need to show a simple set of tests on the completed database and the results. Each part of the database has some testing-that’s why it’s worth 9 marks.
   E.g. Test id, test case, expected results, actual results, pass/fail. If it fails, then note this and fix, then retest in another test ID. The actual test will depend upon what your query or report or form does.
   Test id
   Test case
   Expected Results
   Actual Results
   Pass/Fail
   1
   10% Update query on all stock
   Query runs without error and updates all stock by 10%
   Query runs without error and updates all stock by 10%
   Pass
   Conclusion
   Summarise key points and make recommendations about needed change and the benefits that should result.
